Update offboarding.md (#1410)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/offboarding.md

   **Note:** A resignation letter/email is required from departing staff. In most cases and depending upon the statutory requirements in the staff member’s country/region, a minimum of two weeks' notice is required for voluntary departures.

> 2. Submit an [IT Offboarding Ticket](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals) which is used to indicate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Submit a [General IT offboarding ticket](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals) which is used to indicate:
```
